# cmc
HOW WE WORK (CM COIN )  POWERFUL BLOCKCHAIN All transactions and mined coins are recorded on CMcoin Blockchain. Tailored for future-proof mass transactions, blockchain is powerful enough to perform more transactions than global credit card providers. CMcoin uses one of the most advanced technologies. CMcoin blockchain runs every minute and is designed to accommodate merchant need.  TRANSPARENT We are open and honest in our dealings. By being the first cryptocurrency storing KYC documents in its new blockchain, we set a new industry standard. Hence CMcoin makes cryptocurrency transparent and a part of our financial culture and everyday life. By working proactively with governments and policymakers, CM Coin helps the industry achieve better regulation.  OUR VISION Our vision is to become the number one cryptocurrency in terms of market capitalization, usability and number of users. CMcoin aims to grant access to financial services to everyone by providing educational tools and simplifying and demystifying cryptocurrency. A global company, CMcoin makes it possible for its millions of users to make easier and faster payments around the globe.  AWESOME FEATURES WHAT IS CMCOIN (CMC) CMC is not a pre-mined CryptoCurrency, meaning that CMC miners create the market. By mining the coin, transactions are added and recorded to CMC ledger, comprised of all past transactions. The ledger resembles a chain of blocks, which confirm that a certain number of transactions have been made.  WHO PRINTS CMCOIN CMcoin official Not a government or any bank prints CMcoin because CMcoin is not in the physical format. This currency isn’t physically printed in the shadows by a central bank, unaccountable to the population, and CMcoin making its own rules.  IT’S FAST You can send coins anywhere and anyone and it will arrive minutes later, as soon as the CMcoin block check network processes the payment. if you are selling product or service or if you want to buy any service or product then you can get or send payment quickly in the form of CMcoin.  MINING Every CoinsMatrix paid user is Miner of CMcoin . COINS MATRIX On every Joining a Reward Points Generates and That Reward Point Will Be Credited to Every Joining of CMcoin. Last of Mining is total 50,000 joining CoinsMatrix.com  MOST SECURE CRYPTOCOIN CMcoin seeks to be the most secure CryptoCoin at the lowest cost, by rewarding all users for strengthening the network. Use CMcoin to create your own Assets which can be distributed in any way you like. You will be able to safely, easily and quickly learn how to store, acquire, sell, spend, speculate and invest CMcoins.  CENTRALIZED OR DE-CENTRALIZED CMcoin is De-Centralized Cryptocurrency and you Can Get All API's of CMcoin from CMC API Section.
